Original high quality oil painting on canvas. A thoroughly made interior 
setting in powerful colors and with expertly executed details. Please disregard 
the light reflections.
ARTIST: Signed "JS" in monogram. Joakim Frederik Skovgaard (1856-1933) is a 
listed artist. He was the son of Peter Christian Skovgaard (1817-1875), who 
taught him how to draw. Later he studied under C.C.A. Weber and he went to the 
Kunstakademiet (Academy of Fine Art) in Copenhagen from 1871-76. He also 
studied at Bonnats School in Paris for three months. Besides Paris he traveled 
to Germany, Greece, Norway, Java and had a number of longer stays in Italy. 
Joakim Skovgaards early landscapes were clearly dependent on his father. But 
after his stay at Bonnats School, a change in his style began. He finally broke 
free from his fathers influence during his stay in Italy 1882-84 where he 
colouristicly became impressionistic influenced by Theodor Philipsen and Rémy 
Cogger. He received a number of prizes, e.g. the Sødring Prize in 1879 and also a 
prize from the Academy in 1886. Joakim Skovgaard has exhibited at 
Charlottenborg and Den Frie Udstilling (the Free Exhibition) for several years, 
at Kunstnerforeningen (the Artist Society), at Nordisk Kunst Udstilling (the 
Nordic Art Exhibition) and a number of posthumous exhibitions. He has also 
exhibited widely internationally; Among others in London, Paris, Munich, Malmø 
and at the World Exhibition in Paris 1889,1900 and 1925. He is represented at 
Statens Museum for Kunst (the Danish National Gallery), Den Hirschsprungske 
Samling and at the Art museums in Aarhus, Funen and Bornholm. Price example: He 
sold "The Return from the Shoot" (1886-88) for 7,880 at Christie's, London in 
March 1994 (Lot 215, 33 1/4" by 49 1/6"). 
